<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="sharing_your_html5_or_webhelp_outputs">
    <title>Sharing outputs using the public GitHub Repository</title>
    <shortdesc>Share your published documentation with your audience.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_msv_bhm_cwb">Ensure that you have uploaded the entire folder containing
            the XML source files from your computer to the GitHub public repository. <note
                id="note_l1l_shm_cwb" type="important">When you upload the folders from your
                computer to the GitHub repository, ensure that you preserve the same folder
                structure. You will typically notice the following sub folders within the
                    <uicontrol>out</uicontrol> folder containing the outputs you want to share with
                your audience.<ul id="ul_k2b_b3m_cwb">
                    <li>html5 - containing the files required for the HTML5 output. </li>
                    <li>pdf-css-html5 - containing the files required for the PDF output. </li>
                    <li>webhelp-responsive - containing the files required for the web help output.
                    </li>
                </ul></note></prereq>
        <context>
            <p>The GitHub repository enables you to access the source code for your content, but not
                the content itself. Use this procedure to enable your audience to access your
                published outputs (HTML, PDF or WebHelp) using the public GitHub repository.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>On an instance of web brower, type <xref href="http://www.github.com"
                        format="html" scope="external"/>, and sign in.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the top left hand side corner, navigate to your pubic repository on
                    GitHub. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Double-click the <uicontrol>out</uicontrol> folder to view its contents. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Do the following to share the HTML5 output from GitHub.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_mqb_k3m_cwb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Double-click the <uicontrol>html5</uicontrol> folder on GitHub. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>index.html </uicontrol>file. </cmd>
                        <info>The file opens in the browser, and the URL will be something like
                            this:
                            <codeblock id="codeblock_cwc_fjm_cwb">https://github.com/MickeyMouse123/SampleFolder/blob/main/out/html5/index.html</codeblock></info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To enable your audience to view the content on GitHub: </cmd>
                        <info><cite>Prefix</cite> the above URL
                            with:<codeblock id="codeblock_xm5_hjm_cwb">https://htmlpreview.github.io/?</codeblock>so
                            that the URL finally
                            becomes:<codeblock id="codeblock_xnq_kjm_cwb">https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/MickeyMouse123/SampleFolder/blob/main/out/html5/index.html</codeblock></info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Share this URL with your audience. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
